Runners participating in at least 5 out of 6 races are counted towards the final classification. 

A database with a table that contains race results. Each race, it's own table. It's necessary to generate those table because they might later be modified to correctly count the number of points if a runner drops out of the general classification. 

Another table that contains runners' names, races array, that will in turn contain race1, race2, etc. For each race, store number of points. 1st place gets 1 point, 2nd place gets 2 points, etc. The general classification reveals the winner by identifying the person with the least number of points. 

After the 3rd race, the points allocated for the 1st and 2nd race will change. Knowing that a runner that missed 2 races won't be counted towards the final classification, this runner can be removed from the previous race results, thereby changing the points added for each race and the general classification. 

After the 4th race, 5th race, and 6th race, checks will have to be done to see if a runner participated in the required number of races. At any point, the participation variable can be defined as nth race - 1. If the variable is less than nth - 1, then the runner needs to be removed from previous race results and the general classification needs to be regenerated. 

After the 1st race, everyone participating will have results in the 1st race table and in the general classification. After the 2nd race, everyone will be in the 2nd race table, with the two tables not being identical, as some runners might have only participated in ether 1st race or 2nd race, but the general classfication at this stage will contain all participants of the 1st and 2nd race. 

After the 3rd race, the participation check will have to be done. For every runner, we should generate a participation variable that will count how many times the name appears in race 1, 2, and 3. If at this stage for any runner, the participation is less than number of races - 1, so it's less than 2, that is when they ran fewer than 2 races, then that runner's name will be removed from both 1st race table results (if applicable) and 2nd race table results (if applicable). That will change points allocated to each runner and therefore change the general classification. 